So the next step for our users is now to make sure that we can use our log in.
So this code right here because we can create a new user.
Now we want to make sure that once we stored our credentials in the database we can also log in.
One important note though before we start the password validation is still going to be some dummy code
because at the moment we don't have any token which is sent with the password.
So we cannot really validate our data.
Therefore at the moment we only have a dummy code so to say which will simply check whether a user is
existing and or if the password he enters is correct.
So it's not a real log in which just implement this basic functionality.
Just keep that in mind.
However as I said we have to work on the log in here and decode logic is not that different from the
one we saw for our sign up.
So to get started will again delete this code right here.
And now what I want to do is I first want to start with our custom e-mail validator that we already
implemented up here for the sign up logic.
So this code right here we can basically copy paste it because I again want to make sure that the e-mail
address of the user is valid for that.
Let's go down and let's paste this code right here.
Maybe add a space here.
One difference down here.
Not signing up would fail but logging in would fail.
But the general logic is the same.
So that's step one.
We validated our e-mail.
Now let's continue with the actual check whether the user email or the password is correct.
This is what I was referring to at the beginning of this video.
It's not a real finished validation though it's just a dummy validation and the end to make sure the
e-mail and or the password is stored in a database in case either mail or password is wrong the user
cannot log in.
I actually already said what we have to write in the code now.
If you're and if what.
Well if our existing user well is not stored in the database or if the existing user password so we
can access the password property year well is not equal to the password that was entered.
Well if one of these is the case then we again have an error with our HDP error and this time we can
state invalid credentials could not log you in error code here would be for a 1 and we have to add return
next again also nothing new to us.
And with that we are actually done already.
We cannot validate the e-mail and we can check whether the e-mail and the password are correct.
Well if both is the case then we should be able to look in now.
So let's save this and not get an error.
Why do I get the error.
Well because here find one is an asynchronous task.
Therefore we should make sure to add async also right here.
So make sure not to forget this If AND I'LL SAVE THIS SHOULD WORK.
SO LET'S GO BACK TO postman.
And here I'm not in sign in now but indeed log in root and we not only have to add two things email
and password as we showed it right here.
So let's delete this one.
And now what is our e-mail.
Well for that you can go to our database here in the U.S. collection.
We have the e-mail test at test dot com.
Let me simply copy paste this one right here and the corresponding password is here.
Testers.
So if ups.
So if we do this and send we get back logged in.
So this seems to work.
If I now enter testers one as a password I get invalid credentials.
So this seems to work and if I enter test one at test dot com this also doesn't work.
Once again test a test outcome.
We get these successful log in.
So with that we can now log in.
One thing is missing though and this is up here.
Our get users constant.
We have to work on that as a next step.